May 13 2019 - May 17 2019

Monday: Creating a function that creates new webpages for issues is the priority, site falls a part without it
who knows how long it'll take. gonna go for it this week and see progress or not. 

if it doesn't look possible by friday then we just move to Monopoly, but we can do it. 

Just write down what you did each day, this is the task for the week 

May be much more feasable to just make a big table, each row being one issue, that can track what needs to be done....
still look into webpages because that's cooler, but idk if javascript/meteor/mongo can do this 

so new idea is that the function would have to write to both main.html and main.js, and basically add needed info to both of those
pages. if we use HARD VALUES then it should be fine security wise..
and duh, this requires using the database....

idea: create a meteor collection, save data from buttons to said collection, write that data to files on save??
Meteor for Everyone on youtube.
db.collectionName.insert({ title: "Hello World", createdAt: new Date() }); will add data to said collection
could this be used? you'd think there would be a simpler way...

if we can't find any hint towards dynacmically creating a template/router. then we move to big table like thursday. 


Tuesday:

alright i know it's only day two but i'm leaning towards using the collections system from Meteor for everyone to create issues
since i'm having little luck for creating new webpages. collections way seems easier, just need to style it like a table 

might have to start video series over to make sure we do it in a similar way 

this is working really well, should be done by friday

great day, can add new issues, have checkmarks save with sessions, can also delete issues. 
tomorrow keep watching session series. late into #6 11:40. this has info on using checked values with css classes. 

Wednesday: 

added an account system, you can only add issues if signed in, need to see about disabiling the create account function.
learned about adding meteor packages. found good examples of tables and forms in bootswatch for superhero. 
that can be for tomorrow. also move signin to the right side of nav bar, and lower it a bit it looks higher than the other stuff. 

Thursday: basically took day off, we are ahead of schedule because creating issues is basically complete. 

Friday: looks like tables won't work, it'll basically stuff all data types in one row. aka all titles in a 1x1 box, and so on
gonna need to just use css for this one 

it looks better, each type of data gets it's own line. still needs improvment. make a new plan on monday. 
once the list itself looks good, we'll work on making the create new issues look better, 



SET DEPLOY_HOSTNAME=galaxy.meteor.com

meteor deploy kevinjosey.meteorapp.com --settings package.json




















