What should we call it? 
Project Issues

What does it need to do?

Have a log in system, not a sign up system
Do not have a create account system, i think having myself hardcode two accouts in is the best way to go
One account for me, one for "guests", good for interviews. 
For now focus on mine 

while logged in, you have the ability to:
view issues 
Create an issue
edit existing issues
log work into existing issues
"Complete" Issues
log out

while not logged in you can:
view issues 
log in 

Log in: 
username and password
no option to create an account, don't want others to make changes to site
would be cool to add it to nav bar, gotta figure if that's feasable, plus i'd like it in the top right. 

log out:
just log out

When Viewing Issues:
while logged in or not logged in:
	ideally have a sort mechanic that can:
	sort by project,
	sort by Not started, in progress, complete
	and of course view all 
while logged in only:
	Edit Issue button, See When you edit an existing issue
	log hours button:
		Log hours can be simple, enter a number and it will add it to number total, accept decimals too, and negative numbers to 
		take away hours if excess hours are entered by accident 
	Complete issues button: i think simple toggle to show it's complete is good enough 

When you create an issue: ------------------------------ CREATE AN ISSUE -------------------------------------
have numbering system the will automatically give a sub name to each issue: Issue 1, Issue 2, etc..
Can choose from a list of existing projects or create a new project
Title the issue, concise sentence on the problem
Details section, will elaborate on the problem. how to re-create it etc
In the future we can estimate how long we think a project will last, but for now i don't think we need it.

When you edit an existing issue:
Can change all fields as described in When you create an issue

Let's decide what we want on the main page: ---------------------MAIN PAGE --------------------------------------

Log in/Log out: lets say top right ideally in the nav bar

A create issue button. Let's have this be in the top right, under the nav bar 

A list of all issues and links to said issues
this is were the sort mechanic would be 
This will take up most of the page 

So lets recap all the things we want on any given issue page: ----------------------------ANY ISSUES PAGE --------------

Log in/Log out: lets say top right

Menu: Pretty much the top of the site, lets have the menu. this includes the three already there: Home, About Me, Resume,
plus adding Main view page that shows all issues. aka Issues 

Project: the name of the project that it's related to ie Monopoly, to the left of the Title

Title: title of Issue and Issue #, have it top left, below the Menu 

Status: aka Not Yet Started, Started, Completed : have it be on the same level as Title, on the right side. 

Hours logged: have it be under where Status would go

If we can, it'd be nice to have Edit Issue and Complete Issue be close to each other, in the middle of Status and Title
if not put it under Title. Note: when Complete issue is selected, it should be replaced with a Re-Open Issue button that untoggles 
the Complete Status

Description: the description can take up most of the page

The top might feel a little crowded, but i don't think it'll be too bad. it's all important info 



























